feat(framework) Introduce `flwr_exit` function (#4801)
adap/flower: framework/docs/source/ref-exit-codes-dir.rst

Exit Codes
==========

> This page provides an index of all exit codes and their resolutions.

Reviewer: On this page, before the list of exit codes, can we describe the different number ranges and what they mean?

Something like:
- 100-199: SuperLink exit codes
- 200-299: ...

Author: Yeah, make sense! I will add them.

Author: @danieljanes How about this?

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2ced7085-4c04-4c66-8122-c5b9a9338003)

Reviewer: @panh99 looks good! I'll think about those categories a bit more, but the presentation looks good.

Exit Codes
==========

> This page provides an index of all exit codes and their resolutions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This reference provides an index of all exit codes and recommended  resolutions.
```

Categories
----------

- **System exit codes (0-99)**: Reserved for standard system exit codes.
- **SuperLink-specific exit codes (100-199)**: Specific to ``flower-superlink``
  (SuperLink) errors.
- **ServerApp-specific exit codes (200-299)**: Specific to ``flwr-serverapp``
  (ServerApp) errors.
- **SuperNode-specific exit codes (300-399)**: Specific to ``flower-supernode``
  (SuperNode) errors.
- **ClientApp-specific exit codes (400-499)**: Specific to ``flwr-clientapp``
  (ClientApp) errors.
- **Common exit codes (500-899)**: Shared across multiple components.
- **Exit codes for deprecated/removed usages (900-)**: Reserved for exit codes related
  to deprecated or removed functionalities.

Indices
-------

.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 1
    :glob:

>     exit-codes/*

Reviewer: @panh99 can we rename this? All our reference docs start with `ref-`
```suggestion
    ref-exit-codes/*
```

Author: Sure thing, I will rename the folder
